Fix serve example in README.md (#434)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: README.md

### Serving

> `Serve` is a framework agnostic serving engine ! [Learn more](https://lightning-flash.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/flash_to_production.html#) and [find examples](flash_examples/serve/generic/boston_prediction/inference_server.py).

Author: ```suggestion
`Serve` is a framework agnostic serving engine ! [Learn more](https://lightning-flash.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/flash_to_production.html#) and [check out our examples](flash_examples/serve).
```
